content/tools.md, before:

# Tools

A list of tools I use.

## Programming

- python: general purpose language
  - conda/poetry/uv/pipenv/pip - package managers. prefer uv for speed/simplicity.
  - pil/pillow: image processing library
  - numpy: numerical computing library
  - pandas: xlsx/csv manipulation library
  - matplotlib: data visualization library
- rust: faster than python.
- bash: scripting language
- just: very good build tool

## OS

i highly recommend never using windows, for many, many reasons

- ubuntu - server OS
- nixos - server/desktop OS
- cachyOS - easy arch based OS, fast
- TrueNAS CORE - freebsd based NAS OS that uses ZFS, ZFS is superior for use as a NAS for many reasons

## Hardware

I run various cheap laptops and a few HEPC (High-End Personal Computer) setups.
Only Linux, except for a Windows computer I use for piano playing.

- https://pcpartpicker.com/user/henryfbp/saved/

## AI

- ollama: AI model serving
- openwebui: frontend for ollama
- comfyui: image/video/audio gen

## Infra

- docker: containerization platform
- kubernetes: container orchestration
- grafana: monitoring visualization
- prometheus: monitoring metrics/backend

## Backup

- `dd` - data duplicator/data destroyer

<!-- TODO: Check out protondrive -->

## Media

- yt-dlp: youtube downloader, before youtube killed it with session cookie enforcement.
- transmission: torrent client
- jellyfin: media server
- immich: self hosted google photos clone
- romm: emulation ROM/retro game database
- [seanime: anime media server](https://seanime.rahim.app/)
  - extensions: TODO
- [gallery-dl: image downloader](https://github.com/mikf/gallery-dl)


## Other

- handy.computer - offline text transcription
- sshx.io - share terminal (dangerous)

Commit message:

add local ai model bench

content/tools.md, after:

# Tools

A list of tools I use.

## Programming

- python: general purpose language
  - conda/poetry/uv/pipenv/pip - package managers. prefer uv for speed/simplicity.
  - pil/pillow: image processing library
  - numpy: numerical computing library
  - pandas: xlsx/csv manipulation library
  - matplotlib: data visualization library
- rust: faster than python.
- bash: scripting language
- just: very good build tool

## OS

i highly recommend never using windows, for many, many reasons

- ubuntu - server OS
- nixos - server/desktop OS
- cachyOS - easy arch based OS, fast
- TrueNAS CORE - freebsd based NAS OS that uses ZFS, ZFS is superior for use as a NAS for many reasons

## Hardware

I run various cheap laptops and a few HEPC (High-End Personal Computer) setups.
Only Linux, except for a Windows computer I use for piano playing.

- https://pcpartpicker.com/user/henryfbp/saved/

## AI

- ollama: AI model serving
- openwebui: frontend for ollama
- comfyui: image/video/audio gen

### Local AI models

You can pull these from ollama and self-host.

- llama3.2:3b
  - tbd.
- yuiseki/devstral-small-2507:24b
  - tbd.
- hf.co/bartowski/Qwen2.5-Coder-14B-Instruct-abliterated-GGUF:Q4_K_S
  - tbd.
- hf.co/mlabonne/gemma-3-27b-it-abliterated-GGUF:Q4_K_M
  - tbd.


## Infra

- docker: containerization platform
- kubernetes: container orchestration
- grafana: monitoring visualization
- prometheus: monitoring metrics/backend

## Backup

- `dd` - data duplicator/data destroyer

<!-- TODO: Check out protondrive -->

## Media

- yt-dlp: youtube downloader, before youtube killed it with session cookie enforcement.
- transmission: torrent client
- jellyfin: media server
- immich: self hosted google photos clone
- romm: emulation ROM/retro game database
- [seanime: anime media server](https://seanime.rahim.app/)
  - extensions: TODO
- [gallery-dl: image downloader](https://github.com/mikf/gallery-dl)


## Other

- handy.computer - offline text transcription
- sshx.io - share terminal (dangerous)
